[nrfconnect] Added CHIP Zephyr shell for testing purposes. (#29)
kkasperczyk-no/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/nrfconnect_examples_cli.md

00112233445566778899aabbccddeeff
Done
```

## Using CHIP commands

CHIP commands are currently used for testing purposes and allow only to get some information about
CHIP stack state, but not to modify it.

To enable using CHIP commands set `CONFIG_CHIP_ZEPHYR_SHELL=y` option in the desired examples's `prj.conf` file.

Pressing the Tab key with a `chip` command entered in the command line will result in listing available options:

```shell
uart:~$ chip
  qrcode             qrcodeurl          setuppincode       discriminator
  vendorid           productid          manualpairingcode  bleadvertising
  nfcemulation
```
### **CHIP commands list**

> 

Reviewer: "See the following subsections for the description of each CHIP-specific command." should go into the suggestion, but Github has problems with double ```.

### `qrcode`

Prints the device onboarding QR code payload. Takes no arguments.

```shell
uart:~$ chip qrcode
CH:H34.GHY00 0C9SS0
```

### `qrcodeurl`

Prints the web browser url to view device onboarding QR code. Takes no arguments.

```shell
uart:~$ chip qrcodeurl
https://dhrishi.github.io/connectedhomeip/qrcode.html?data=CH%3AH34.GHY00%200C9SS0
```

### `setuppincode`

Prints the device setup pin code. Takes no arguments.

```shell
uart:~$ chip setuppincode
12345678
```

### `discriminator`

> Prints the device setup discriminator. Takes no arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prints the setup discriminator of the device. Takes no arguments.
```

```shell
uart:~$ chip discriminator
3840
```

### `vendorid`

Prints the device vendor ID. Takes no arguments.

```shell
uart:~$ chip vendorid
9050
```

### `productid`

Prints the device product ID. Takes no arguments.

```shell
uart:~$ chip productid
20043
```

### `manualpairingcode`

Prints the device onboarding manual pairing code. Takes no arguments.

```shell
uart:~$ chip manualpairingcode
35767807533
```

### `bleadvertising`

> Prints the information if the device has currently BLE advertising enabled (1) or disabled (0). Takes no arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prints the information about the Bluetooth LE advertising status, either `0` if the advertising is disabled on the device or `1` if it is enabled. Takes no arguments.
```

```shell
uart:~$ chip bleadvertising
0
```

### `nfcemulation`

> Prints the information if the device has currently NFC tag emulation enabled (1) or disabled (0). Takes no arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prints the information about the NFC tag emulation status, either `0` if the emulation is disabled on the device or `1` if it is enabled (1). Takes no arguments.
```
